  Email-1
-------------------
TO- pankaj.kumar@espire.com
Cc –
Subject- Request for more insight on  U.S project


Hello Pankaj,

                Thanks for assigning me on the U.S Project.
I am going to start the project today,but i need more information about it, as i am unable to get a full insight 

I request you, to provide more data about the client's bussiness,which will help me understand the projects demand.Once I have a bit more information
I assure you my best job.

Could you please revert me on the same with your comfortable time,so that i can start working as soon as possible.



Thanks
Deepak raja
deepak.raja@espire

Email-2

TO- azam.khan@espire.com
Cc -
Subject –Apology mail


Dear Azam,
                     
      I am very sorry for the delay, and I can definitely see  how this would be frustrating for you,to not getting the work
done on time when u weren't expecting this slow down.

There were certain circumstances due to which I wasn't able to finish my job before the deadline.I thoughjt everything was completed but when i followed 
up the codes I found some errors which should have been fixed before 

My sincere apologise for dissapoing you,but I assure you this will not happen again.

Regards
project Incharge
Deepak raja

Email-3

TO- pankaj.kumar@espire.com
Cc -
Subject –thanking mail for appreciation

Hello pankaj,

   Thanks for writing me back today.I sincerely  appreciate for your precious time spent on reviewing and noticing my and my teams effort.
 Your suggestions  and the clear format of the required work helped us to complete the project brilliantly  and on time. You always maintained 
a cool and helpful nature whenever i was on disarray on the project.

I would be thankful if u could provide me additional suggestions  on my other projects if possible


Thanks & regards

project Incharge
Deepak raja


Email-4

TO- pankaj.kumar@espire.com
Cc -
Subject –request for meeting

Hello Pankaj,
              I am writing to inform you that i have resumed my office and i need few minutes of your precious time.
I need to discuss the new projects alloted to my me and my team.

I request u to provide me a comfortable time to meet you in the office.

Regards
Deepak raja
Software engineer 



